
1. Write a Python function `is_even` that takes as input the parameter number (an integer) and returns `True` if  number is even and `False` if number is odd. Hint: Apply the remainder operator to n (i.e., `number % 2`) and compare to zero.

2. Write a Python function `is_lunchtime` that takes as input the parameters  hour (an integer in the range [1, 12][1, 12]) and  `is_am` (a Boolean "flag" that represents whether the hour is before noon). The function should return `True` when the input corresponds to 11am or 12pm (noon) and `False` otherwise.

3. Write a Python function `is_leap_year` that take as input the parameter  `year` and returns `True` if year (an integer) is a leap year according to the Gregorian calendar and `False` otherwise.

4. Write a Python function `name_and_age` that take as input the parameters `name` (a string) and `age` (a number) and returns a string of the form `'% is % years old.'` where the percents are the string forms of  name and  age. The function should include an error check for the case when  age is less than zero. In this case, the function should return the string `'Error: Invalid age'`.

5. Write a Python function  print_digits that takes an integer `number` in the range `[0,100)[0,100)` and prints the message `'The tens digit is %, and the ones digit is %.'` where the percents should be replaced with the appropriate values. The function should include an error check for the case when  number is negative or greater than or equal to 100. In those cases, the function should instead print `'Error: Input is not a two-digit number.'`.

6. Pig Latin is a language game that involves altering words via a simple set of rules. Write a Python function `pig_latin` that takes a string  word and applies the following rules to generate a new word in Pig Latin. If the first letter in  word is a consonant, append the consonant plus `'ay'` to the end of the remainder of the word. For example, `pig_latin('pig')` would return `'igpay'`. If the first letter in word is a vowel, append `'way'` to the end of the word. For example, `pig_latin('omelet')` returns `'omeletway'`. You can assume that  word is in lower case. 


7. Given numbers a, b, and c, the quadratic equation `ax^2 + bx + c = 0`   can have zero, one or two real solutions (i.e; values for x that satisfy the equation). The quadratic formula `x_1 = -b+sqrt(d) / 2a, x_2 = -b-sqrt(d) / 2a` can be used to compute these solutions, where `d = b^2 - 4ac`, the discriminant associated with the equation. If the discriminant is positive, the equation has two solutions. If the discriminant is zero, the equation has one solution. Finally, if the discriminant is negative, the equation has no solutions. Write a Python function `get_smaller_root` that takes an input the numbers `a`,  `b` and `c` and returns the smaller solution to this equation if one exists. If the equation has no real solutions, print the message `'Error: No real solutions.'` and simply return.